#########################################################################


== Copyright (C) 2021 Console9 (Ciprian Dorin Craciun)

    >> https://console9.com/
       https://github.com/console9

    >> office@console9.com
       ciprian@volution.ro
       ciprian.craciun@gmail.com


-------------------------------------------------------------------------


== License for the entire repository (sources, scripts, documentation)

    >> MIT License
       https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT
       https://spdx.org/licenses/MIT.html


Copyright 2021 Console9 (Ciprian Dorin Craciun)

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a
copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included
in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS
OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT.
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY
CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT,
TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE
SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.


-------------------------------------------------------------------------


==  Notes (with purely informative status)


There could exist sources, scripts or documentation files distributed
within this repository that are either copyrighted or licensed under
different terms than described herein;  however these files are easily
and clearly identified either by placing a notice text at the beginning
of the file, or by placing a similar notice file inside the folder
containing them.


If someone requires the sources, scripts and/or documentation to be
released under a different license, please send us an email, stating
the licensing requirements, accompanied with the reasons and other
details;  then, depending on the situation, the we might release under
a different license.


######## 4ff8ce21801ae484a7c466620a303b46 ###############################
